# Meeting Notes

## DATE

- **Scrum Note Taker:** Kaleb
- **Scrum Master:** Christopher
- **Notes submitted on:** 27/03/2024
- **Venue:** Library
- **Time:** 12:00PM - 2:50PM
- **Attendance:** Said, Christopher, Kaleb, Flavio, Mohammad

### Agenda

- reviewed sprint 1 feedback
- talked to the professor about the marking.
- We will email him regarding possible regrading on some tasks.
- Created a meeting notes template for more consistence and to ensure everything is met.

### Progress on Agenda and Issues from previous meeting

- 9x9 Board has been created.
- Said and Kaleb are still working on gettin gthe html templates needed to get the super tic-tac-toe running
- Flavio is still working on the database to work inline with the new implementation.
  
The following issues are being wroked on by Flavio and Christopher
- issue [#62](https://github.com/CS2005W24/term-project-teamm/issues/62)
- issue [#61](https://github.com/CS2005W24/term-project-teamm/issues/61)
- 

### New Issues Arising

-added issue [#65](https://github.com/CS2005W24/term-project-teamm/issues/65)

### Kanban board items

- added new column in kanboard for sprint one review
- in this column added 5 new tasks

### code review

- no code pushed today

### Deadlines for Kanban board items

- sprint 1 reivew column deadline is set for friday the 5th